# Spiderette
This program was designed because I was playing the game Spiderette on my phone and I was unable to win the vast majority of the games.  I created the program both to find patterns in winning games and see if it could get a better result than I could.

The program relies on the cards which are designed to be a linked list, the deck which is a random list of cards, and the field which is seven lists of cards.  The game is setup by placing an increasing number of cards facedown in each lane of the field and then flipping the top card.  The goal of the game is to create series of cards from ace to king all of the same suit.  One card can be moved if it is placed on top of another card that has a value one greater than the first or it is moved to a empty space.  Multiple cards can be moved only if they are in order and of the same suit.  

To use the program run "javac Spiderette.java" then "java Spiderette".  The program will ask if you want to test the program which will run the game 10000 times and print "WINNER" if a game is won.  If not, you can play a single automatic game which will print the game whether it comes out as a win or loss.  Last the game can be played manually.

The automatic solver works by assigning a value to every move.  The program finds the best value move 7 moves ahead and then acting on it.  The values are +4 for revealing an unknown card,  +/- 2 for revealing/covering a blank space,  +/- 1 if you put/remove a card on another in order, + 1 if you remove a card which is out of order, and +/- 3 if you put/remove a card on another in order and suited.  It can predict more moves ahead but increasing the number of predictions will slow down the program.  It it can't find a move with a possitive value it deals from the deck or it is game over.

The program was a success because it has a completion rate of around 4.42% to my own 1.4% and generally solves the game in 70 to 130 moves.